Remove the deprecated Network/Cluster types (#371)
pulumi/pulumi-awsx: CHANGELOG.md

## HEAD (Unreleased)

### Compatibility issues

> * Removing the deprecated awsx.Cluster and awsx.Network type (deprecated in 0.18.6). Code that uses

Reviewer: Does this warrant a minor version bump (rather than a patch version bump)? Are there more deprecated types that we plan to remove?

Author: @pgavlin: 

> Note: i'm putting this into a 1.0 branch as this is a breaking change

:)

Reviewer 2: Note that I think we’ll want to release this in our next minor version bump, but will likely want to do that before 1.0. 

We don’t want 0.x to 1.0 to be a meaningful breaking change, it should be more like the end of a 1.0-beta-x chain.

Author: Gotcha.  So should this be an 0.19.x change then?  Based on our compat guidelines, it should be, but i just want to make sure that we're on the same page here.

  most projects.  However, there may be some code changes needed.  For more details see:
  [#470](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/pull/470).

### Compatibility issues

> * Removing the deprecated awsx.Cluster and awsx.Network type (deprecated in 0.18.6). Code that uses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The deprecated awsx.Cluster and awsx.Network type (deprecated in 0.18.6) have been removed. Code that uses
```
